Figure table method changes (#44)
greenelab/annorxiver_manuscript: content/03.methods.md

The New York Times Annotated Corpus (NYTAC) is [@sandhaus2008new] is collection of newspaper articles from the New York Times dating from January 1, 1987  to June 19, 2007.
This collection contains over 1.8 million articles where 1.5 million of those articles have undergone manual entity tagged by library scientists [@sandhaus2008new].
We downloaded this collection on August 3rd, 2020 from the Linguistic Data Consortium (see Software and Data Availability section) and used the entire collection for our corpora comparison analysis.

### Mapping bioRxiv preprints to their published counterparts

We used CrossRef [@doi:10.1629/uksg.233] to identify bioRxiv preprints that were linked to a corresponding published article.

> We accessed CrossRef on July 7th, 2020 and were able to successfully link 23271 preprint to their published counterparts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We accessed CrossRef on July 7th, 2020 and were able to successfully link 23,271 preprint to their published counterparts.
```

> Out of those 23271 preprint-publsihed pairs only 17952 pairs had a published version present within the PMC open access corpus. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Out of those 23,271 preprint-published pairs only 17,952 pairs had a published version present within the PMC open access corpus. 
```

Authors can change the title between a preprint and published version (e.g., [@doi:10.1101/376665] and [@doi:10.1242/bio.038232]), which prevents _bioRxiv_ from automatically establishing a link.
If the authors do not report the publication to _bioRxiv_, the preprint and the published version are treated as distinct entities despite representing the same underlying research.
We recognized that close proximity in the embedding space could reveal preprint to published version links that were missed by existing automated processes.

> We used our preprint to published mappings subset (see Mapping bioRxiv preprints to their published counterparts) and calculated the distribution of known preprint to published distances by taking the Euclidean distance between the preprint's embedding coordinates and the coordinates of its corresponding published version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used the subset of paper-preprint pairs annotated in CrossRef as described above to calculate the distribution of known preprint to published distances, which we calculated as the Euclidean distance between the preprint's embedding coordinates and the coordinates of its corresponding published version.
```

We hypothesized that preprints would be more likely to be published in journals that contained similar content to the work in question.
To test this hypothesis, we designed an experiment examining document and journal representations.
First, we removed all journals that had fewer than 100 papers in the PMC corpus.

> A subset of our PMC corpus was directly linked to papers in bioRxiv as they had been published as open access articles (see Mapping bioRxiv preprints to their published counterparts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain manuscripts in the PMC corpus were annotated to their corresponding bioRxiv preprints through CrossRef as previously noted.
```

Reviewer: These felt pretty close to the CrossRef mention, so I less formally cross-referenced them :)
